 and many of you need more shopping items, for example, and I start on accessibility. That's always going to be applies for people in a wheelchair or these kind of things that we don't normally think of. For example, another character that can be something related with gender studies or equality in the urban forms, saying, okay, you put this group of priests here, where the 19th issue on there, so it's going to generate this and save. This kind of thing that can truly show that people are a little bit more, or they don't think of that magic. If you go to the next panel, there's a slide, and this was the character, and I was just making these things here. I kind of love contigo part of the next one. So this video? Yeah, for the video. Where your contact visualization, the microphone, and the power of the service, because it's a good value. Yes, here, I mean, I'm not a bad guy, but I would like to move on to produce this impact in my view that would be amazing. I want to maybe make a super open location place. If I say well, I will give people three forests and I'll just play with it. Constraining, not very broad, because it's going to be over a complex. But with these two three core locations that we create, if the possibility of the people to, I'd see like two learning, okay, the one here, to put a part in the trees, this has this coasting water, and it has this mountain asphalt. It's kind of constrained, I believe, meaning that people to see the dependencies in the urban environment, we can talk about the, it's really, but in a very, very simple way, take two, three dimensions, don't over replicate. If you just come in, or my side, these few scenarios, with these four, five, six, wood data sets that can show you this impact mapping, and these two three characters that can truly interact with, how the four we participate, if you are a woman, come to me, this is basically to do that way. I believe it can be something that works. Sorry, just to keep this, when you say, and it will be more conservative, less concentrated in these locations, but for the AI, we have to be more wood-less, more creative. So, pre-set, interactive sites? Yes, okay. I think it will be more massive. I am not confused, because we were in the group that we were discussing about the, the persona, the, the, okay, because we have all this discussion that people's own, that the persona says, no, no, in the, in the case, the persona's on the left. Yeah, is it? No, no, no, just because, in the previous group, we have discussed something similar, because I thought that, there was that group that was talking about that. And I want to, still in your video, you have to move in, perhaps. Thank you. So, I think it's interesting here, just, yes. How are you really not to dispute? It's a very user-based question, though. Yeah, so like, basically, from what we are thinking is that, really. So, when the user, for example, chose the place, they have access to some Google Street View images from there, and then they just choose their points of view, they can go around, see two different spots, and then be like, okay, I like this view, generate what I want there. Okay, that's beautiful. Okay, I'm not going to put your eye right. Because you have a display skill, and you have your voice to express your motivation. How are we going to access from the top of the list? Yeah, I got your question. So, okay. So, just, from what I think, so this is just like, for example, this is the result, we haven't really thought thoroughly about the whole process, but the point is that like, a user would choose a location, and then the platform would be like, okay, in this location, these are the Google Street View images that you have, the point of views. They can then choose, to be like, they will have, I guess, a cursor or something. So, it's gonna be the only voice. Or... Why did you leave them to choose from them? Specifically? What did you leave them? Why did you leave them to choose a specific point? Because they can also say it, no? Yeah, for good reason. Because someone wants to make a change, for example, in their neighborhood, or in the Barcelona course, nine, probably they don't have something specific in terms of location. And if they have, they know what it is. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, the question to me, I find this very interesting, like this one, but I would call it last, last, for who is this? Because to me what becomes interesting is that this is, and you know, like a tool that could collect data of people, from high of people, age of people, compared to the wishes, and we can geolocate the wishes. No? It's a geolocation of what people wish for this idea. And that's a tool for decision-makers, from one. So it's almost like collecting a lot of data in our four decision-makers. The second way that I see it, it's a bit more challenging, obviously, is an negotiation tool. Because here, you only have a view of somebody that wants a plastic driven, a slightly plastic driven, and the gender stations and hammocks on the coast. But then maybe somebody else wants bicycle parkings or bicycle, I think, by bicycle, you know. So there might be interesting, or you know, like, whatever, and negotiations and frictions among these wishes of people. Yeah. I mean, I'm just looking at the area, I would say, it could be, but that's another interesting way of how to use that. You know, if somebody has access to that, and they could see what they produce people. Yeah, post. Yeah, every time a proposition is submitted on the map, you can see that, like, I don't know. Juan has done, like, suggestion of this case. And they are portraits. Yes, or like this, like, or like, or like, yeah, you can like this, like, you can also like, it's more of a political, like, you can like, brand-ships, so like, you can take the original, like, I don't want this, I want this, and then you have that image as another suggestion. So what you're proposing is a good sign, isn't it? Is it participatory to sign or not? No. It's a tool that opens by a law, a design proposition. And also, it's some way. From the government. Yes, yes. And also, what is participatory? Can you just explain it to me? Please. It's Facebook for my words. No, Facebook? For public words. Yeah, the social media for me. Yeah, Facebook for my words. Okay. And the way I'm over to visualize it now, because you're generating, let's say, the people are generating new legislation, street people are at the right, and people get water. Can we get to the boat? Go, go, go, let's say. Yeah, but there was like, one important aspect of that was this limitations, no, the impact map, you know, one important aspect of that project. This might be that we decide we don't go towards that, you know, like, because there are somehow two different projects here. One is how you create this kind of, you know, very open, co-creation to people, certainly see, they have the potential to use a light visualized, you know, like, see through them, emotionally, in a clown, in a rung there, what they want. That's only the power for some to be like, that makes us talk to make a happy scene, what it's like, even for us it's like very, very, very, but not for the community. And then creating a tool for them so that they can see that real time, but they can also see what others have proposed to the area that they want to propose, it's already very, you know, powerful too. There are similar references on their legislation, you know, however, you know, like the literature in the state of New Asimony, you can also identify maybe ways. To reduce. Yes. And the other thing, which to me, I find it interesting, but I'm sure I'm struggling to, to see how it could be communicated, is to educate me as a citizen, if I understand correctly, to educate me as a citizen, how I wish would be affected due to different issues related to budget, the regulations, etc. So if that is the case, then I would like to see multiple images. I would like to see first, a recycle, three-dimensional hammer, whatever kind of materials in the beach. And then a red bottom that says, oh, that is actually impossible because, you know, this and that, or recycled plastic is impossible because there are strong winds and we would take away, I just think, 20 now. So I could say alternatives, no, or I could kind of dialogue, in a way that I am refining my desire to remember that becomes as visible as possible, as close to my needs and desire as possible. Now I'm saying that, what do you think? So you've learned that I love between the expert and the user, and the user have to get, so the agent will have to feedback. And there's an ASMR question, or like option A, option B. And then the user will say option B, and then we'll be talking about it. It's based on the feedback. For instance, you know, one of the main points of our idea, that could be interesting because then the data can be connected because you need finally connect data about the desires for the decision-makers that are going to be useful data. Yep, in the fact. Not just the size. And also one of the main points, first is that make access to experts, so to be heard, but I mean access to different points of use, is feasible so that we can have this back important behind the idea. As you said, we can see the budget. The budget agent will be like, okay, so this is a good idea, but it should be very expensive and make this very hard, so that's not worth it. Because- Budget, do people say it, and I have doubts, like how do you get data about the budget of serving things? For example, we can get an approximation of the surface that would be affected. And then- And you can have idea, I mean, you can give people on how to be tossed. Yeah, that's the thing. But not saying all this is like the far beyond the budget of the- Yeah, no, just the nearly of the budget and also the maintenance. How much? And then what becomes more important is the will be regulations. Yeah. Cost of maintenance, not only cost of, you know, because with a super-variant budget, I remember that when we started doing in the super-dialog, everybody was assigned with huge sparks, you know? And then when they started to see, not only how much of good cost in terms of creating them, they're from a planning. For also how much of good cost of maintenance, how much water is good cost, and on maintenance of safety, maintenance of water, all this becomes tax for the citizen back. So when they start to realize that, oh, they suddenly wanted it smaller. You can look at reports. That means- There's a bunch of things. Yes. For all it's just, I mean, it's just shown for the second sense to understand how this- to be potentially developing the future when there are some of these positions. That's why it takes to- Now built-in building regulations, for example, is important. In the public space, for instance, I remember building the low-installation, you need to be at a certain height to avoid the violation of the statute, to avoid- for safety also for the children. So they cannot climb and then they come forward. So when there's some basic regulations, if you just don't get it, no, this is not even possible. Maybe also because of fire resistance, not even- fundamentalism. Finalism is one of the one which is regulations for public space installations. Any of more than this? Don't ask, on your feet, do you put in fire- No, no, no, no, no. I don't know, but it's one of our small hands that the- It's completely different. The first is if this person of the work goes to lying, it's not my first lie. Once I want to lie, please, just do that. I'm not sure. It's going to be clear, I don't know which one. I have to say that I'm not a good one. I'm going to have a straights that it's I don't have to put in. I mean, right, I'm not just interested in this kind of thing. I'm not too gover- It's perceived to us in a way that- I'm an inspiration person, but this is the first thing. Of course, who passes the- I don't think that some political drivers- No, no. Because- And- I have a question. Just take the course to an end, and then in all the area that he's mad at, I think, what's- What has it all been? It's not the fabric, it's the entity. Or it's not man-it-free fabric, entity, and then the other area- The- What's a person who has what the- The- What's the name? What's the name? A- What's the name? What's the name? What's the name? What is the name of that book? The perfect name. So- The- So they doこと as, and then on, agra on what we do for play- Uh... It's just a strong and great distribution of the system. But before we go to all these time together, three, four, and two, just one single-hand group and these are our first simple ones with various strong positions. So that's why it was interesting. Back with the official user and the course, we came somehow to come into a final proposal that the user would decide to submit, that she's not going to have a hard time because it was not his first one. For sure. But at least it's closer to what it's physically to be done based on that. And you can create very, very useful of not choose characters. For example, one of them is only bringing anti-homeless, anti-missile. Very, very nice. No, the whole story is not going to be there. No. That's interesting. That's interesting. Takes on us. The whole story is. Some aspects of your environment that you know, they are also kind of politically lactobabits. Very clever. I have seen you see a lot around every time that there's a lot of information about who is terrible for someone else. Yeah, or consider. Maybe you can go a bit deep into regulations. And I also, first of all, I also think that you have two positioners. And in a way, whereas you like it or not, and I think you should stay there, you're in the public space. Yeah, cool. So you are not in the building. Let's say you're not in the building. So we're only in the regulations that you make to maybe be trying to find some interesting gaps or some scandalous realities, some of some some of the regulations is in relation to the public space. I think for example, in Barcelona, when the last intervention of us had set us up, they decided in the lack of a little way to remain a big problem, or to the service that was built. Yeah. And that was in all the information we had, because they didn't put any kind of sign or blank people. So for them, which is the most impossible to distinguish the service from the actual and the public, the solution was to insert this metallic thing that it's now a passage to the outside. And it was, I think, the after thought when it goes out of the information. Yeah. You know that they were the same. Yeah. Do you think this method of the situation is still valid after what you've talked about? I mean, if we are traitors of the problem of representation, I guess, right? OK. If somebody talks and creates a nuance, that's important. But then how do I see the series of nuance essentially gets into that? Good thing with this interaction is what it ought to be. But then you also have the communication that we were discussing with the other group. You only have one user. Hello. Hello. And also, I don't know how complex is that. But I mean, it has to have kind of voice oversystem to make it also fully inclusive on that. Have I a small tutorial? Indication? Yes. I also have a little bit of a story. I've got a little bit of a family that I'm a description of. Of course, speaking of users, are we, like, do we do it only in English? Do we do, like, do it on the test, because we have a little chat on it? In my application of the project, I said it's going to be in the three language systems. Yes. OK. Just a little bit. Let's not discuss about this now. And it's also what it's going to have. We want to be closely. It's going to be useful. Accessible. But I don't think. Let's not talk about it. Keep it in English. For the moment, let's, I mean, we definitely need to make it's pilots. I'm sure we would say that we have the core capacity as pilots. But it's in my opinion.